I like KP is all eat food buy food
damn Trang type I restaurant shit I hate
actually better not tell her so excited
it says now open you can start a with
peanut sauce done I'm ordering not
owning meat from Thai essence the Dutch
Thai restaurants they always put lemon
lemon and lemon sauce over the meat
and that makes it taste like sweaty sock
I think so I'm gonna look forward to
things noodles are safe electric
delivery time why want to let me sure
the delivery time how could I show some
delivery time there's no options
mommy tell us if there is no delivery
time to select if you are playing an ad
carry in the jungle getting the new
jungle item right mommy delivery time
what website but order what about it you
cannot select the delivery time you can
but if you can
yeah so
what because you can't yes again at the
end it says saying at the payments thing
you can she can just get it deliver it
now right what's the plan was that I
don't understand doc gave you just let
him deliver now I think she has to
Google Translate all along or something
this not working on me it's not funny
of course I remember you have to put in
you have to put a delivery time in and
normally you just put like the fastest
time possible mommy I pass kindergarten
okay look please start delivery time for
her order it's like delivery time select
delivery time oh there's nothing to
select I bet she's just doing it on
victim good you should just talk to sip
sip knows everything about this website
he says I'm drunk what
maybe she's dumb and doesn't know how to
work anything maybe she's a woman that
just doesn't know anything yeah I hope
she realizes how to water food sir first
word problem right there
they're closed
mommy oh it's closed
never let KP do the order it's even like
now open it it's working and then
apparently they closed feel like I'm
gonna get fatter jungle
oh yeah I love